Global Warming
Global warming is a major problem for life now a days and the main source contributing for global warming is greenhouse gases which corresponds to human activities since the evolution of industrial activities. 
This means there is a significant relationship between greenhouse gases and global warming. 
The main source of global warming is carbon dioxide because carbon dioxide acts as a trapping blanket in the atmosphere which traps heat and global temperature rises due to the trapping of heat and also carbon dioxide in the atmosphere survives for long time and heat trap in it compounds over a long time. 
The gases that affect global warming are not only coming from greenhouse gases they are also arriving from other events such as disforestation, ozone layer depletion, volcanic activity which that global warming does not only have relationship with greenhouse gases but also with other events both natural and artificial or we can say human activities.
Since the industrial revolution (from about 1850 to the present) astounding amounts of greenhouse gases have been compounded into the earth's atmosphere. 
This is primarily due to excessive increased in needs for human and use of fossil fuels for generating power. 
Global warming is a main problem of too much carbon dioxide that is trammeled in the atmosphere, which plays role in trapping heat and warms the planet resulting in increase in temperature. 
As we burn fossil fuels for power or cut down and burn forests to create pastures and plantations, carbon particles combines and overcharges our atmosphere. 
Some waste direction and deforestation activities also aggravate the problems by releasing other potent global warming gases in the atmosphere, such as methane, aerosols and chlorofluorocarbons.
Measurements of the temperature have been done all over the world, on shore and offshore have revealed that during 20th century the earth's surface and sub-surface part has warmed up on an average by about 0.6°C. 
Changes in climate can result in both natural events and artificial events. 
During this period, manmade emissions of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide and methane have increased, largely as a result of burning fossil fuels for energy and migration.
Climate change is a term used to describe trends in the earth's climate.
For example, scientists see that the planet's average temperature is rising. 
This affects wind and ocean currents also the annual amounts of rainfall and snow enrolling. 
Climate change affects different parts of the world in different ways.
Another term used for climate change now a days is global warming which refers to the global increase in the planet's mean temperature, which acts as a source of changing climate patterns across the globe.
Global warming invokes to an unequal and continuing rise in the average temperature of earth's climate system. 
The earth's temperature has been rising since 1880. 
There is some evidence that suggests that the U.S Northeast will be colder at the poles as it melts and colds, fresh water changes the current near the East coast.
It has been illustrated that global warming is mostly caused by human activities such as greenhouse gases, ozone layer depletion, deforestation related to natural hazards like volcanic eruption. 
The main cause of increase in global mean temperature is emission of carbon dioxide because, fossil fuels which mostly contains carbon in them when burned they react with oxygen and produce carbon dioxide.
The destruction in forest which uses carbon dioxide also contributes to the increase in carbon dioxide. 
This does not only mean that only artificial events such as human activities are responsible for global warming but also natural events such as volcanic activity and also carbon emission from various natural events also contribute in global warming but in lesser quantity.
